Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/controller-apis/get-controller.md

---
layout: default
title: Get controller
parent: Controller APIs
grand_parent: ML Commons APIs
nav_order: 20
---

# Get a controller
**Introduced 2.12**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Retrieves information about a controller for a model by model ID.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this API to retrieve information about a controller for a model by model ID.
```
